His first story was called “connecting the dots,” and basically, it’s about how
he dropped out of Reed College in Oregon. However, in speaking to the Stanford
graduating class, he of course was not advocating dropping out but rather, the
importance of “dropping in” on one’s interests. As he puts it, “After six
months, I couldn’t see the value in it. I had no idea what I wanted to do with
my life and no idea how college was going to help me figure it out.” Another
factor that led to his dropping out was that Reed, being a very expensive
private school, was draining his parent’s limited finances. Steve states that,
“It was pretty scary at the time, but looking back it was one of the best
decisions I ever made. The minute I dropped out I could stop taking the
required classes that didn’t interest me, and begin dropping in on the ones
that looked interesting…I loved it. And much of what I stumbled into by
following my curiosity and intuition turned out to be priceless later on.”

Jobs then talked about how Reed College was known for having maybe the best
calligraphy instruction in the country. He sat in on a calligraphy class and
learned about what makes great typography. Of calligraphy, he said, “It was
beautiful, historical, artistically subtle in a way that science can’t capture,
and I found it fascinating.”


Intro
The first story is called "connecting the dots." 

It is about how Steve Jobs dropped out of his college and started "dropping in"
his real interests, which at the time it was the calligraphy class in Reed College), and it  turned out
to be the best decision he has ever made, the fact that every personal computer
has multiple typefaces or proportionally-spaced fonts. 

It needs true courage, as he put it, “It was pretty scary at the time." But it
turns out great, "but looking back it was one of the best decisions I ever
made." 

I very much understand how scary it is as I am not a person who always
follows.   

Body

Conclusion
